README.md, before:

# rp2040-alarm-clock

# TODO

### Hardware
- Cover
- Reverse voltage protection
- Better LED cover integration
- Remove SRAM?
- Change 0603s to 0805s?
- Labels on silkscreen
- IR circuit
    - Add missing resistor to IR circuit
    - Fix LED/resistor values
    - Change LED to thru-hole so it sticks through cover
- Don't run signal trace under ds3231
- Voltage plane unnecessary?
- AS1115 IRQ pullup?
- JST 4-pin footprint all pins are incorrect
- SHT40 has voltage and ground swapped

### Software
- Integrate FSM better
- Piezo music
- Battery voltage monitoring
- Use DS3231 alarm API
- Use AS1115 blinking API?
- Add display brightness setting

### Available Pins
board.A0 board.GP26 board.GP26_A0 (GPIO26)
board.A1 board.GP27 board.GP27_A1 (GPIO27)
board.A2 board.GP28 board.GP28_A2 (GPIO28)
board.A3 board.VOLTAGE_MONITOR (GPIO29)
board.GP0 (GPIO0)
board.GP1 (GPIO1)
board.GP10 (GPIO10)
board.GP11 (GPIO11)
board.GP12 (GPIO12)
board.GP13 (GPIO13)
board.GP14 (GPIO14)
board.GP15 (GPIO15)
board.GP16 (GPIO16)
board.GP17 (GPIO17)
board.GP18 (GPIO18)
board.GP19 (GPIO19)
board.GP2 (GPIO2)
board.GP20 (GPIO20)
board.GP21 (GPIO21)
board.GP22 (GPIO22)
board.GP23 board.SMPS_MODE (GPIO23)
board.GP24 board.VBUS_SENSE (GPIO24)
board.GP25 board.LED (GPIO25)
board.GP3 (GPIO3)
board.GP4 (GPIO4)
board.GP5 (GPIO5)
board.GP6 (GPIO6)
board.GP7 (GPIO7)
board.GP8 (GPIO8)
board.GP9 (GPIO9)

Commit message:

Get AS1115 working with segment display

README.md, after:

# rp2040-alarm-clock

# TODO

### Hardware
- Cover
- Reverse voltage protection
- Better LED cover integration
- Remove SRAM?
- Change 0603s to 0805s?
- Labels on silkscreen
- IR circuit
    - Add missing resistor to IR circuit
    - Fix LED/resistor values
    - Change LED to thru-hole so it sticks through cover
- Don't run signal trace under ds3231
- Voltage plane unnecessary?
- AS1115 IRQ pullup?
- AS1115 recommended 10uF and 0.1uF cap
- JST 4-pin footprint all pins are incorrect
- SHT40 has voltage and ground swapped
- Segment display: can't anodes L1_L2 and L3 just be tied to ground? Maybe test

### Software
- Integrate FSM better
- Piezo music
- Battery voltage monitoring
- Use DS3231 alarm API
- Use AS1115 blinking API?
- Add display brightness setting

### Available Pins
board.A0 board.GP26 board.GP26_A0 (GPIO26)
board.A1 board.GP27 board.GP27_A1 (GPIO27)
board.A2 board.GP28 board.GP28_A2 (GPIO28)
board.A3 board.VOLTAGE_MONITOR (GPIO29)
board.GP0 (GPIO0)
board.GP1 (GPIO1)
board.GP10 (GPIO10)
board.GP11 (GPIO11)
board.GP12 (GPIO12)
board.GP13 (GPIO13)
board.GP14 (GPIO14)
board.GP15 (GPIO15)
board.GP16 (GPIO16)
board.GP17 (GPIO17)
board.GP18 (GPIO18)
board.GP19 (GPIO19)
board.GP2 (GPIO2)
board.GP20 (GPIO20)
board.GP21 (GPIO21)
board.GP22 (GPIO22)
board.GP23 board.SMPS_MODE (GPIO23)
board.GP24 board.VBUS_SENSE (GPIO24)
board.GP25 board.LED (GPIO25)
board.GP3 (GPIO3)
board.GP4 (GPIO4)
board.GP5 (GPIO5)
board.GP6 (GPIO6)
board.GP7 (GPIO7)
board.GP8 (GPIO8)
board.GP9 (GPIO9)
