user_manual.md, before:

# persuasive_waker: User Manual
## Getting Started
1. Install two AA batteries in the battery compartment.
2. Using the provided screws, screw the back plate onto the case with the batteries on the inner side.
3. Connect the clock to a power source via the USB cable. The batteries are for backup and should not be relied on for power on a day-to-day basis (they will run out fairly quickly).
4. Press the date button and select the year by rotating the knob. Press the knob inwards to hit "enter".
5. You will now be asked to enter in the month, followed by the day of the month.
6. Press the time button to set the time of day in a similar manner. 

## A Note About the Screen
The screen is E-paper. E-paper cannot refresh as quickly as most other display types. The display is set to refresh only once every three minutes. This means you will have to wait a few minutes for changes to the date and alarm to show up on the screen.

## Additional Functionality
- You can set the alarm time by pressing the alarm button.
- If you wish to cancel your alarm, press the alarm button and then press the "back" button.
- The brightness button will allow you to set the screen brightness.

## Pairing With a New Key Fob
The remote switch receiver is an [RX480E](https://qiachip.com/products/2x-learning-code-receiver-module-for-rf-433mhz-rx-480-e-remote-control-arduino-chip-28131mm-pcb). Use the following instructions to pair a new key fob with your alarm clock (This won't be necessary straight out of the box).

1. Delete existing data by pressing the RF button 8 times. You should see the LED flash 7 times.
2. Learn the new remote by pressing the RF button once. (Note that if you instead press the button twice or thrice in a row, you'll go into other modes, such as toggle mode, which aren't useful for this device. See the link above for more details).
3. The LED should light up, at which point you should press the button on the key fob.
4. You should see the LED flash 3 times. From now on the LED should light up whenever you hit the remote button.

Commit message:

Small bug fixes, update manual

user_manual.md, after:

# persuasive_waker: User Manual
## Getting Started
1. Install two AA batteries in the battery compartment.
2. Using the provided screws, screw the back plate onto the case with the batteries on the inner side.
3. Connect the clock to a power source via the USB cable. 
4. Press the date button and select the year by rotating the knob. Press the knob inwards to hit "enter".
5. You will now be asked to enter in the month, followed by the day of the month.
6. Press the time button to set the time of day in a similar manner. 

> [!WARNING]  
> Do not rely on the batteries for power. They will run out fairly quickly. The batteries are for backup power--to prevent pulling the plug from stopping the alarm.

## A Note About the Screen
The screen is E-paper. E-paper cannot refresh as quickly as most other display types. The display is set to refresh only once every three minutes. This means you will have to wait a few minutes for changes to the date and alarm to show up on the screen.

## Using the Alarm
- You can set the alarm time by pressing the alarm button.
- If you wish to cancel your alarm, press the alarm button and then press the "back" button.
- Press the button on the key fob to deactivate the alarm when it sounds. 
I recommend keeping the key fob far away from your bed, probably in the bathroom. But not so far that it's out of range. You should test it before you put it to use--the range will vary depending on your walls.

## Additional Functionality
- The brightness button will allow you to set the screen brightness.
- Try the RESET button if the device seems to be stuck in a bad state. But please notify me if this happens. Or create an [issue](https://github.com/bbokser/persuasive_waker/issues).

> [!NOTE]  
> If you hit the RESET button, the E-paper screen will temporarily stop showing the alarm time even though the alarm is still enabled. This is a known issue due to the alarm time being stored in the RTC (clock) chip, not the microprocessor. Transfering this data from the RTC to the microprocessor may require modifications to the [`adafruit_ds3231`](https://docs.circuitpython.org/projects/ds3231/en/latest/api.html#adafruit_ds3231.DS3231.alarm1) library, which I haven't gotten around to. You will have to set the alarm again to make it show.

## Pairing With a New Key Fob
The remote switch receiver is an [RX480E](https://qiachip.com/products/2x-learning-code-receiver-module-for-rf-433mhz-rx-480-e-remote-control-arduino-chip-28131mm-pcb). Use the following instructions to pair a new key fob with your alarm clock (This won't be necessary straight out of the box).

1. Delete existing data by pressing the RF PROG button 8 times. You should see the LED flash 7 times.
2. Learn the new remote by pressing the RF PROG button once. (Note that if you instead press the button twice or thrice in a row, you'll go into other modes, such as toggle mode, which aren't useful for this device. See the link above for more details).
3. The LED should light up, at which point you should press the button on the key fob.
4. You should see the LED flash 3 times. From now on the LED should light up whenever you hit the remote button.

## Updating or Modifying the Software
To update your software (if there are updates), you should follow the instructions in the README.
